README.md, before:

# The Intersection of Microservices, Domain-Driven Design, &amp; EF Core (Demo from July 30 2020 DotNet Conference)

Session Abstract: Domain-Driven Design (DDD) provides much of the strategic design guidance that we can use to determine the boundaries around and interactions between Microservices in our solutions. DDD also follows up with tactical design patterns for your business logic. In this session we’ll take a look at some of these patterns and how EF Core naturally, or with some additional configuration, persists the data that your microservices depend on.

My session is the first 1/2 hour of this YouTube video that also includes the sessions after with James Newton-King, Jessica Dean, LaBrina Loving, Elton Stoneman and Carey Payette. www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9oJTKwASjA

DotNet Conference: [https://focus.dotnetconf.net/](https://focus.dotnetconf.net/)

Domain-Driven Design Fundamentals Course by Julie and Steve Smith on [Pluralsight] (http://bit.ly/2tbdpgn)

Getting Started with Entity Framework Core by me on [Pluralsight](http://bit.ly/EFCore31)

[EF Core Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/)

## Books mentioned the session

- Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software by Eric Evans: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Domain-Driven-Design-Tackling-Complexity-Software/dp/0321125215), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/domain-driven-design-tackling/0321125215/), [Google Books](https://books.google.com/books?id=hHBf4YxMnWMC&dq=domain+driven+design)
- Patterns, Principles, and Practices of Domain-Driven Design by Scott Millett and Nick Tune [Wiley](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Patterns,+Principles,+and+Practices+of+Domain+Driven+Design-p-9781118714706)
- Hands-On Domain-Driven Design with .NET Core by Alexey Zimarev: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Hands-Domain-Driven-Design-NET-ebook/dp/B07C5WSR9B), [Packt](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/hands-domain-driven-design-net-core), [Google Books](https://books.google.com/books/about/Hands_On_Domain_Driven_Design_with_NET_C.html?id=UiyWDwAAQBAJ)
- Domain-Driven Design Distilled by Vaughn Vernon: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Domain-Driven-Design-Distilled-Vaughn-Vernon/dp/0134434420), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/domain-driven-design-distilled/9780134434964/)
- Applying Domain-Driven Design and Patterns by Jimmy Nilsson: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Applying-Domain-Driven-Design-Patterns-Examples/dp/0321268202), [Google Books](https://books.google.com/books?id=8RueQPUOPssC), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/applying-domain-driven-design/0321268202/)
- Domain Modeling Made Functional by Scott Wlaschin: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Domain-Modeling-Made-Functional-Domain-Driven/dp/1680502549), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/domain-modeling-made/9781680505481/)
- Implementing Domain-Driven Design by Vaughn Vernon: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Implementing-Domain-Driven-Design-Vaughn-Vernon/dp/0321834577), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/implementing-domain-driven-design/9780133039900/)  
- Anatomy of Domain-Driven Design by Scott Millett [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/theanatomyofdomain-drivendesign)

Re: The important point I made about Microservices boundaries not necessarily equating to Bounded Contexts, I highly recommend Vladik Khononov's article on [Untangling Microservices](https://vladikk.com/2020/04/09/untangling-microservices/) and [Tackling Complexity in Microservices](https://vladikk.com/2018/02/28/microservices/)

Commit message:

Updated YouTube links to point to post-processed video and playlist.
As your session was in the middle of the original YouTube video, I've decided to update the links to dedicated video for your session to make it easier to find. I hope that's fine. Thank you

README.md, after:

# The Intersection of Microservices, Domain-Driven Design, &amp; EF Core (Demo from July 30 2020 DotNet Conference)

Session Abstract: Domain-Driven Design (DDD) provides much of the strategic design guidance that we can use to determine the boundaries around and interactions between Microservices in our solutions. DDD also follows up with tactical design patterns for your business logic. In this session we’ll take a look at some of these patterns and how EF Core naturally, or with some additional configuration, persists the data that your microservices depend on.

My session is the 1/2 hour [YouTube video](https://youtu.be/DG8Qe7TJiIE) that is part of [.NET Conf: Focus on Microservices playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdo4fOcmZ0oUc2ShrReCS7KoBbPEONE0p). Playlist also includes sessions with [James Newton-King](https://youtu.be/HVq4TstHCEs), [Jessica Dean](https://youtu.be/5BkKjTxIokU), [LaBrina Loving](https://youtu.be/YLMsAMvY4KA), [Elton Stoneman](https://youtu.be/Wbjh4T-cdv8) and [Carey Payette](https://youtu.be/UT_Fd-Pkiuw).

DotNet Conference: [https://focus.dotnetconf.net/](https://focus.dotnetconf.net/)

Domain-Driven Design Fundamentals Course by Julie and Steve Smith on [Pluralsight] (http://bit.ly/2tbdpgn)

Getting Started with Entity Framework Core by me on [Pluralsight](http://bit.ly/EFCore31)

[EF Core Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/)

## Books mentioned the session

- Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software by Eric Evans: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Domain-Driven-Design-Tackling-Complexity-Software/dp/0321125215), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/domain-driven-design-tackling/0321125215/), [Google Books](https://books.google.com/books?id=hHBf4YxMnWMC&dq=domain+driven+design)
- Patterns, Principles, and Practices of Domain-Driven Design by Scott Millett and Nick Tune [Wiley](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Patterns,+Principles,+and+Practices+of+Domain+Driven+Design-p-9781118714706)
- Hands-On Domain-Driven Design with .NET Core by Alexey Zimarev: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Hands-Domain-Driven-Design-NET-ebook/dp/B07C5WSR9B), [Packt](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/hands-domain-driven-design-net-core), [Google Books](https://books.google.com/books/about/Hands_On_Domain_Driven_Design_with_NET_C.html?id=UiyWDwAAQBAJ)
- Domain-Driven Design Distilled by Vaughn Vernon: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Domain-Driven-Design-Distilled-Vaughn-Vernon/dp/0134434420), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/domain-driven-design-distilled/9780134434964/)
- Applying Domain-Driven Design and Patterns by Jimmy Nilsson: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Applying-Domain-Driven-Design-Patterns-Examples/dp/0321268202), [Google Books](https://books.google.com/books?id=8RueQPUOPssC), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/applying-domain-driven-design/0321268202/)
- Domain Modeling Made Functional by Scott Wlaschin: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Domain-Modeling-Made-Functional-Domain-Driven/dp/1680502549), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/domain-modeling-made/9781680505481/)
- Implementing Domain-Driven Design by Vaughn Vernon: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Implementing-Domain-Driven-Design-Vaughn-Vernon/dp/0321834577), [O'Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/implementing-domain-driven-design/9780133039900/)  
- Anatomy of Domain-Driven Design by Scott Millett [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/theanatomyofdomain-drivendesign)

Re: The important point I made about Microservices boundaries not necessarily equating to Bounded Contexts, I highly recommend Vladik Khononov's article on [Untangling Microservices](https://vladikk.com/2020/04/09/untangling-microservices/) and [Tackling Complexity in Microservices](https://vladikk.com/2018/02/28/microservices/)
